Updated tasks as asked (#3)
AhmadAwab98/test-repository: README.md

# Git Assignment

Test Repository for the bash scripting tasks assigned.

## Description

> The project contains 8 distinct tasks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project contains 8 distinct tasks:
```

- task 1 focuses on searching for a specific file within a designated folder

> - task 2 is responsible for creating files in a folder, copying created files to another folder, and swapping the names of the two folders.

Reviewer: don't put full stop at end if you are using bullets.

- task 3 provides the local IP address.
- task 4 modifies a .dotfile, particularly altering the PS1 prompt to customize the command-line interface.
- tasks 5 and 6 are dedicated to creating text boxes, with Task 5 printing a given string within a box made of *, and Task 6 allowing for border customization with a specified character.
- task 7 handles the downloading of images from a website, offering the flexibility to choose names, path and resolutions for the downloaded files.
- task 8 initiates a cronjob for Task 7, automating scheduled image downloads.

## Getting Started

### Language

Git
Shell

### Execution

> - Before actually executing any task you have to change the mode of that script to execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before actually executing any task you have to change the mode of that script to execution:
```

> - Before actually executing any task you have to change the mode of that script to execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before actually executing any task you have to change the mode of that script to execution:
```

# Git Assignment

Test Repository for the bash scripting tasks assigned.

## Description

The project contains 8 distinct tasks. 

> - Task 1 focuses on searching for a specific file within a designated folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- task 1 focuses on searching for a specific file within a designated folder
```

> - Task 2 is responsible for creating files in one folder, copying them to another folder, and swapping the names of the two folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- task 2 is responsible for creating files in a folder, copying created files to another folder, and swapping the names of the two folders
```

Reviewer: Make changes in the next tasks accordingly.

- Task 3 provides the local IP address.
- Task 4 modifies a .dotfile, particularly altering the PS1 prompt to customize the command-line interface.
- Tasks 5 and 6 are dedicated to creating text boxes, with Task 5 printing a given string within a box made of *, and Task 6 allowing for border customization with a specified character.
- Task 7 handles the downloading of images from a website, offering the flexibility to choose names, path and resolutions for the downloaded files.
- Task 8 initiates a cronjob for Task 7, automating scheduled image downloads.

## Getting Started

### Language

Git
Shell

### Execution

- Before actually executing any task you have to change the mode of that script to execution:
```
chmod +x script.sh
```

- Task 1 needs file to be searched and folder in which to search, so, to run this script from the command line, you have to run:
```
./task1.sh file.txt folder
```

> - Task 2, 8 and Task 3 is a simple task. To run this you only have to right the name with leading ./

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To execute tasks 2, 3 & 8 
```

```
./task.sh
```

- Task 4 is a .dotfile which is saved in the home directory and to run it use this command\
```
source .dotfile
```

- Task 5 needs a string to be box printed , so, to run this script from the command line, you have to run:
```
./task5 string
```

- Task 6 needs a string to be box printed and the border of the box, so, to run this script from the command line, you have to run:
```
./task6 -s string -c char 
```

- Task 7 needs path, name and resolution, so, to run this script from the command line, you have to run:
```
./task7 -p path -o filename -r resolution 
```

> - In task 7 you can give only name or path or resolution in the following way:
> ```
> ./task7 -p path 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
